Eat, drink and be merry (for tomorrow we die).
Beggars can't be choosers.For a good appetite there is no hard bread.
Everyone gets his comeuppance in the end / just deserts sooner or later.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Home is where the heart is.
A constant guest is never welcome.
We'll just have to make do.
You have to make the most of the chances that come your way.You have to strike while the iron is hot.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
The more danger, the more honor.
Take no notice of the stupid things people say.
Beggars can't be choosers.For a good appetite there is no hard bread.Hunger is good kitchen.Hunger is the best sauce.Hunger never saw bad bread / food.When one is hungry everything tastes good.
Look after the pennies, and the pounds will look after themselves.
Whom the gods love die young.
Never spend your money before you have it.
Whom the gods love die young.
As soon as one goes out the window, another comes in the door.
Every dog has its day.
Plenty breed pride.
A good payer will not object to leaving a deposit.
Two in distress makes sorrow less.
At the game's end we shall see who gains.
It never rains, but it pours.
We must live by the living, not by the dead.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Of all pains, the greatest pain, is to love, but love in vain.
Old friends and old wine and old gold are best.
Love does much, money does everything.
Love laughs at locksmiths.
The chickens have come home to roost.You're suffering the consequences now.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
Her left hand doesn't know what her right hand is doing.
Let bygones be bygones.
Each to his own and God watching over everyone.
They are / were all different.
Everyone sees things from his / her own point of view.
Each person knows where problems lie.
A few germs never hurt anyone.
He that eats till he is sick must fast till he is well.
When good cheer is lacking, our friends will be packing.
Appetite comes with eating.
As sure as eggs is eggs / (God made) little green apples / night follows
      day / the day is long.
It's like water off a duck's back.
Patience, time, and money accommodate all things.
Honor buys no meat in the market.Hope is a good breakfast but a bad supper.
Honor buys no meat in the market.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
It's his / her own lookout / tough luck.
A change is as good as a rest.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Never give advice unasked.
A soft answer turneth away wrath.
Give a dog a bad name (and hang it).
Long absent, soon forgotten.
Any port in a storm.Beggars can't be choosers.For a good appetite there is no hard bread.Hunger is good kitchen.Hunger is the best sauce.Hunger never saw bad bread / food.When one is hungry everything tastes good.
When drums beat, laws are silent.
Things often happen when you least expect them to.Where we least think, there goes the hare away.
Least said, soonest mended.
Do what is right, come what may.
(It's) Six of one (and half a dozen of the other).
I don't care what people say as long as I get what want.
A miss is as good as a mile.
We're all a little crazy in one way or another.
Make the best of a bad bargain / bad job / bad situation / it.
We have been fools once in our lives.
No one will notice (in the dark).
We have been fools once in our lives.
There's nothing so queer as folk.
He that chastens one chastens twenty.
Two in distress makes sorrow less.
You can judge a man by the company he keeps.
Birth is much, but breeding is more.
God sends cold after clothes.
Any port in a storm.Beggars can't be choosers.For a good appetite there is no hard bread.
There's no smoke without fire.Where there's smoke, there's fire.
What the boss says goes.
Things often happen when you least expect them to.Where we least think, there goes the hare away.
Poverty breeds discontent.
Love will find a way.
Married people need a home of their own.
Money goes where money is.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Any port in a storm.Beggars can't be choosers.For a good appetite there is no hard bread.Hunger is good kitchen.Hunger is the best sauce.Hunger never saw bad bread / food.When one is hungry everything tastes good.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
Mischief comes by the pound and goes away by the ounce.
The greatest hate springs from the greatest love.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Actions speak louder than words / voice.
Dead men have no friends.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
(It's a) Small world!
Fools rush / walk in where angels fear to tread.
The wages of sin is death.
He that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
You've made bed, (and) now you'll have to / you must lie in it.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
The early bird catches the worm.
If you don't have what it takes you won't get on in the world.
He that is born to be hanged shall never be drowned.You can't escape your destiny.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
No bees, no honey; no work, no money.No mill, no meal.
If you go away, you can't expect people to keep your place for you.If you leave your place, you lose it.
Sometimes the remedy is worse than the disease.
One can never know too much.
We are all equal in the eyes of the Lord.
Time heals all wounds.Time is a great healer.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time heals all wounds.Time is a great healer.
Many hands make light work.
Home is where the heart is.
A creaking door hangs longest.
The shoemaker's son always goes barefoot.
Any port in a storm.
More than enough is too much.
No bees, no honey; no work, no money.No mill, no meal.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
Things have changed.Time doesn't stand still.
Any port in a storm.
Where there's muck, there's brass / money.
There's honor among thieves.
Small choice in rotten apples.
It's like talking to a brick wall.
It's the same people under a different name.Nothing has really changed.
(It's) Six of one (and half a dozen of the other).
It just makes things worse.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
He who excuses himself accuses himself.
It just makes things worse.
The grass looks greener on the other side of the fence.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Live and let live.There's nothing so queer as folk.
It's more blessed to give than to receive.
There are plenty more fish in the sea.
All work and no play make Jack a dull boy.
Walls have ears.
Do what is right, come what may.
The devil looks after himself / his own.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
One good forewit is worth two afterwits.
Abundance of things engenders disdainfulness.
&nbsp;Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile.
Two in distress makes sorrow less.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
Anger is a short madeness.
Bear and forbear.
A woman's place is in the home.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
If you talk too much you're likely to give yourself away.
Money goes where money is.
Possession is nine parts / points / tenths of the law.
Spring is in the air.The sap rises in the spring.
Discretion is the better part of courage / valor.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Health is better than wealth.
The die is cast.
Half the truth is often a whole lie.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
Fine words butter no parsnips.
The darkest hour comes / is past / is that before the dawn.
Let's get things clear.
(The) Truth will out.
Actions speak louder than words / voice.
All griefs with bread are less.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
A rule isn't unfair if it applies to everyone.
Honesty is the best policy.
(It's) Six of one (and half a dozen of the other).
Let bygones be bygones.
A constant guest is never welcome.
You have to suffer in the name of fashion / to be fashionable.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
He that blames would buy.
The child is the father of the man.
It's a question of swings and roundabouts.What you lose in / on the swings, you gain in the roundabouts.
Great minds think alike.
If you want to watch, you'd better keep quiet.
Mischief comes by the pound and goes away by the ounce.
Two in distress makes sorrow less.
What can't be cured must be endured.
The devil looks after himself / his own.
A soft answer turneth away wrath.
Hunger drives the wol out of the woods.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
There's no substitute for experience.
It's not the end of the world.Worse things happened at sea.
One good forewit is worth two afterwits.
It's more blessed to give than to receive.
It's better to be on your own than with people you don't like.
Health is better than wealth.
Brain is better than brawn.
Better late than never
It's more blessed to give than to receive.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Who receives a gift, sells his liberty.
All mouth and no trousers.All talk and no action.
The best way to solve a problem is to attack the cause / root of it.
Where there's whispering, there's lying.
Set a thief to catch a thief.
You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Try to strike a happy medium.
He that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
A little thing in hand is worth more than a great thing in prospect.Better keep now than seek anon.We would be better off to have than to have coming.
Misfortunes always come in threes.These things always come in threes.
Nothing goes on for ever.
What you see is what you get.
Hell has / hath no fury like a woman scorned.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
No bees, no honey; no work, no money.No mill, no meal.There's always a catch.
Servants make the worst masters.
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
You're casting pearls before swine.
There wasn't a sound to be heard.You could have heard a pin drop.
You can't serve God and Mammon.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You can't make bricks without straw.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
Home is where he hangs his hat.
A little thing in hand is worth more than a great thing in prospect.Better keep now than seek anon.We would be better off to have than to have coming.
Better late / later than never.Never too late to do well.
One man's meat is another man's poison / another's poison.You can't please everybody.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Long absent, soon forgotten.
Out of debt, out of danger.
No offense taken when none is meant.
You can't win them all.
One enemy is too many; and a hundred friends too few.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Learning is better than house and land.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.Never say die. .
A pound of care will not pay a pound of debt.
Evildoers always think the worst of others.
If you think the worst, you won't be far wrong.
It's just a question of putting two and two together.
Give a dog a bad name (and hang it).
Health is better than wealth.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
Each of us must face our own responsibilities.
(It's a) Small world!.
Like breeds like.
He that chastens one chastens twenty.
Problems don't seem so bad if you keep cheerful.
Where there's gossiping, there's lying.
The buyer needs a hundred eyes, the seller but one.
If you lie down with dogs, you'll get up with fleas.
If you lie down with dogs, you'll get up with fleas.
He that fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick.
Every law has a / its loophole.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
Better to ask the way than to go astray.
If you live like that, you're bound to come to a bad end.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
A moneyless man goes fast through the market.
You must face the consequences of your actions.
If you wish good advice, consult an old man.
Give a thing and take a thing, to wear the devil's gold ring.
Once a thief, always / ever a thief.
Cowards die many times.
Lovers quarrels are soon mended.
Give a thing and take a thing, to wear the devil's gold ring.
(The) Truth will out.
If wishes were horses (, then beggars would ride).
Long absent, soon forgotten.
If a job is worth doing, it's worth doing well.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
When it rains, it pours.
Different strokes for different folks.Each to his own.There's no accounting / disputing for taste.
As sure as eggs is eggs / (God made) little green apples / night follows 
      day / the day is long.
It makes no difference.It's as broad as it is long .
You are what you own.
All things are easy that are done willingly.
Health is better than wealth.
Beauty draws more than oxen.
A man may learn wit every day.
Anger and hate hinder good counsel.
Friendless in life, friendless in death.
A constant guest is never welcome.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
